oaza oasis
obawa trepidation
obcisły tight
obcokrajowiec foreigner
obcy strange
obecnie currently
obecny contemporary
obelga insult
obficie abundantly
obfitość abundance
obfity abundant
obfity ample
obiad lunch
obie both
obietnica promise
objaw indication
objaw manifestation
objaw symptom
objazd bypass
objazd detour
objęcie embrace
obligatoryjny compulsory
oblężenie siege
obniżony abated
obojętność indifference
obojętny indifferent
obok nearby
obopólny mutual
obopólny reciprocal
obora cowshed
obostrzenie restriction
obowiązek obligation
obowiązek responsibility
obowiązkowy compulsory
obowiązkowy mandatory
obraza indignation
obraza invective
obrazoburczy iconoclastic
obraz picture
obraźliwy abusive
obraźliwy offensive
obrażenie injury
obronnie defensively
obronny defensive
obrotomierz tachometer
obroty turnover
obrus tablecloth
obrzydliwy abominable
obrzydliwy disgusting
obrzydliwy horrible
obrzydzenie disgust
obrzydzenie revulsion
obrót revenue
obręcz hoop
obserwacja observation
obsesja obsession
obskurny shabby
obszerny extensive
oburzenie indignation
oburzony indignant
obustronny mutual
obustronny reciprocal
obwód circumference
obwód perimeter
obywatelstwo citizenship
obój oboe
obława manhunt
obłuda duplicity
obłudny duplicitous
obłudny hypocritical
obłąkany lunatic
obłęd insanity
ocalenie rescue
Oceania Oceania
oceaniczny oceanic
oceanografia oceanography
oceanologia oceanology
ocean ocean
ocena assessment
ocet vinegar
ochoczy eager
ochotnik volunteer
ochrona protection
ochrona security
ochrypły hoarse
octowy acetic
oczekiwanie anticipation
oczekiwanie expectation
oczekiwany expected
oczywisty evident
oczywisty obvious
oczywiście obviously
odbiorca consignee
odbiorca recipient
oddech breath
oddychanie breathing
odejmowanie subtraction
odezwa proclamation
odizolowany isolated
odkrycie discovery
Odkupiciel Redeemer
odkupienie redemption
odległość distance
odległy remote
odmiana inflection
odmiana ugation
odmienny disparate
odmowa denial
odmowa refusal
odmowa rejection
odmrożenie chilblain
odmrożenie frostbite
odniesienie reference
odosobnienie isolation
odosobnienie seclusion
odporność immunity
odpowiadający corresponding
odpowiedni appropriate
odpowiednik counterpart
odpowiednik equivalent
odpowiednio appropriately
odpowiednio properly
odpowiednio respectively
odpowiedni proper
odpowiedzialność liability
odpowiedzialność responsibility
odpowiedzialny responsible
odpowiedź answer
odpowiedź reply
odpływ drain
odra measles
odrażająco repulsively
odrażający abominable
odrażający repugnant
odrażający repulsive
odrobinę slightly
odroczenie adjournment
odroczenie postponement
odruch instinct
odruch reaction
odruch reflex
odrzucenie refusal
odrzucenie rejection
odrzucenie repudiation
odrębność individuality
odsetki interest
odstępstwo apostasy
odstęp interval
odstęp space
odszkodowanie compensation
odszkodowanie indemnity
odszyfrowywanie decryption
odwaga courage
odważny bold
odważny brave
odważny courageous
odwet retaliation
odwilż thaw
odwodnienie dehydration
odwodnienie desiccation
odwołanie appeal
odwołanie cancellation
odwracalnie reversibly
odwracalny reversible
odwrotnie conversely
odznaka badge
odżywianie nutrition
oferta offer
oficjalnie officially
oftalmia ophthalmia
ogarek stub
ogar hound
ogier stallion
ognioodporny fireproof
ognisko bonfire
ognisko campfire
ognisty fiery
ogon tail
ograniczający restrictive
ograniczenie constraint
ograniczenie limitation
ograniczenie restriction
ogrodnik gardener
ogromny enormous
ogromny huge
ogromny immense
ogromny mammoth
ogromny massive
ogromny titanic
ogromny tremendous
ogrom immensity
ogrzewanie heating
ogród garden
ogólnie generally
ogólnokrajowy nationwide
ogólnoświatowy worldwide
ogłoszenie announcement
ogłuszający deafening
ohydny abominable
ohydny repulsive
ojczym stepfather
ojczyzna homeland
okaleczenie mutilation
okazja opportunity
okazjonalnie occasionally
okazyjnie occasionally
oklaski applause
oklepany trite
okno window
okolica locality
okolica region
okoliczności circumstances
około about
około roughly
okres period
określenie definition
okropnie awfully
okropnie terribly
okropność atrocity
okropny atrocious
okropny awful
okropny horrible
okropny horrid
okropny terrible
okrutny cruel
okrzemka diatom
okrąg circle
okrągły round
okrążenie encirclement
okręg district
oksydacja oxidation
oksydacja oxidization
oksymoron oxymoron
oktadekan octadecane
oktan octane
okulary glasses
okular eyepiece
okulistyka ophthalmology
okup ransom
olbrzymi giant
olbrzymi immense
olbrzymi tremendous
olej oil
oligarchia oligarchy
oligopol oligopoly
oliwkowy olive
olśniewający glamorous
olśniewający stunning
omdlenie fainting
omyłkowo mistakenly
onomatopeja onomatopoeia
ontologia ontology
opactwo abbey
opakowanie packaging
opalanie sunbathing
opalenizna suntan
opalizujący iridescent
opalizujący opalescent
opal opal
opanowanie composure
opał fuel
opcja option
operacja operation
operetka operetta
opieka care
opinia judgement
opinia opinion
opis description
opium opium
opodatkowanie taxation
oponent opponent
opornik resistor
oporny defiant
oporny disobedient
oporny resistant
oporny stubborn
oportunizm opportunism
opos possum
opowiadanie story
opowieść story
opozycja opposition
oprogramowanie software
opryszek mugger
optimum optimum
optymalny optimal
optymalny optimum
optymista optimist
optymistyczny hopeful
optymistyczny optimistic
optymizm optimism
opuszczenie abandon
opór resistance
opóźnienie delay
opłacalny rewarding
opłatek wafer
opłynięcie circumnavigation
oraz and
orbita orbit
orchidea orchid
organizacja organization
organizator organizer
organy organs
orientalny oriental
orkiestra orchestra
Ormianin Armenian
ornament ornament
ornitologia ornithology
ornitologiczny ornithological
ortodoksja orthodoxy
ortodoksyjny orthodox
ortodoncja orthodontics
ortodontyczny orthodontic
ortograficzny orthographic
ortograficzny orthographical
oryginalny original
oryginał original
orzech nut
orzeczenie verdict
orzeł eagle
osada village
osad residue
osad sediment
osamotnienie solitude
osa wasp
oset thistle
osiadły sedentary
osiemdziesięciolatek octogenarian
osierocony orphan
osioł ass
osioł donkey
osiągnięcie achievement
oskarżenie accusation
oskarżony defendant
oskarżyciel prosecutor
osmotyczny osmotic
osmoza osmosis
osoba person
osobistość personage
osobisty personal
osobiście personally
ostatecznie eventually
ostatecznie ultimately
ostatni last
ostatnio lately
ostatnio recently
ostatni recent
ostentacja flamboyance
ostentacja ostentation
osteopatia osteopathy
ostrokrzew holly
ostrosłup pyramid
ostrożnie carefully
ostrożnie warily
ostrożność caution
ostrożność stealth
ostrożność wariness
ostrożny careful
ostrożny cautious
ostrożny wary
ostryga oyster
ostrzał bombardment
ostrzeżenie warning
osuwisko landslide
oswobodzenie liberation
oswobodziciel liberator
oszacowanie estimate
oszacowanie estimation
oszałamiający stunning
oszczep javelin
oszczędnie frugally
oszczędność frugality
oszczędność thriftiness
oszczędność thrift
oszczędny economical
oszczędny frugal
oszczędny thrifty
oszołomienie daze
oszołomiony lightheaded
oszukany deceived
oszukany deluded
oszukany deluded
oszustwo fraud
osąd judgement
osłupienie stupor
otoczak pebble
otoczenie environment
otrzewna peritoneum
otucha consolation
otucha encouragement
otwarty open
otwór aperture
otyłość obesity
otyły obese
otępienie dementia
otępienie senility
owadobójczy insecticidal
owadoznawstwo entomology
owad insect
owalny oval
owal oval
owca ewe
owoce fruit
owoc fruit
owszem indeed
owulacja ovulation
ozdóbka trinket
oznaczanie marking
oznaka manifestation
ołtarz altar
ołówek pencil
ośmiobok octagon
ośmiokątny octagonal
ośmiokąt octagon
ośmiościan octahedron
oświetlenie illumination
oświetlenie lighting
oś axis
pachnący fragrant
pachwina groin
paciorkowiec streptococcus
pacjentka patient
pacyfikacja appeasement
pacyfikacja pacification
paczka package
padaczka epilepsy
pagórek hillock
pagórek hummock
pagórek knoll
pająk spider
pajęczyna cobweb
pakiet packet
Pakistan Pakistan
pakt pact
Palestyna Palestine
paleta palette
paliwo fuel
palnik burner
pamiętnik diary
pamięć memory
pancernik armadillo
pancernik battleship
panda panda
pandemia pandemic
pandemiczny pandemic
panika panic
panorama panorama
panorama vista
panteizm pantheism
pantofle slippers
pantomima pantomime
panujący ascendant
panujący ascendent
papieros cigarette
papiestwo papacy
papizm papism
paproć fern
papuaski Papuan
papuga parrot
parada parade
paradoksalnie paradoxically
paradoks paradox
parafialny parish
parafia congregation
parafia parish
parafraza paraphrase
paragon receipt
paragraf paragraph
paragwajski Paraguayan
Paragwaj Paraguay
paramilitarny paramilitary
paranoiczny paranoiac
paranoidalny paranoid
paraplegia paraplegia
parapsychologia parapsychology
parapsychologiczny parapsychological
parasol umbrella
para pair
parodia parody
parowóz locomotive
partnerstwo partnership
partner partner
partytura score
partyzancki partisan
paryski Parisian
Paryż Paris
pasażer passenger
pasaż passage
pasek belt
pasieka apiary
pasierbica stepdaughter
pasja passion
paskudny horrid
pasmanteria haberdashery
pasożyt parasite
pasternak parsnip
pastylka pill
pasywnie passively
pasywny passive
paszport passport
pas belt
Patagonia Patagonia
patelnia pan
patologia pathology
patologiczny dysfunctional
patologiczny pathologic
patologiczny pathological
patriarchat patriarchy
patriarcha patriarch
patriota patriot
patriotyczny patriotic
patriotyzm patriotism
patrol patrol
patyk stick
pat stalemate
pawian baboon
paw peacock
pazur claw
pałac palace
październik October
pchła flea
pechowiec loser
pedikiur pedicure
pedogeografia pedogeography
pejoratywny pejorative
Pekin Beijing
pektyna pectin
pelargonia geranium
pelargonia pelargonium
peleryna cape
peleryna cloak
pelikan pelican
pensja salary
pensjonat guesthouse
Pensylwania Pennsylvania
pentadekan pentadecane
pepsyna pepsin
percentyl percentile
percepcja perception
peregrynacja peregrination
perfekcyjnie perfectly
perigeum perigee
perinatalny perinatal
periodontologia periodontology
periodyk periodical
period period
perkal chintz
personel personnel
perspektywa prospect
peruka wig
Peru Peru
perła pearl
pestycyd pesticide
pesymista pessimist
pesymistyczny pessimistic
pesymizm pessimism
Peszawar Peshawar
petrologia petrology
petycja petition
pewnie certainly
pewność certainty
pewny certain
pewny sure
pewter pewter
pełny full
pianino piano
piasek sand
piaskowiec sandstone
piaskowy sand
piechota infantry
piecyk stove
pieczara cavern
pieczarka champignon
pieczarka mushroom
pieczarkowy mushroom
piec furnace
piec stove
piedestał pedestal
piegi freckles
piekarnia bakery
piekarnik oven
piekielnica termagant
piekło hell
pielgrzymka pilgrimage
pieniądze money
pieprzyk mole
pieprz pepper
piernik gingerbread
pierwiosnek primrose
pierwotniak protozoan
pierwotnie originally
pierwotny original
pierzyna duvet
pierś breast
pieszczota caress
pieszy pedestrian
pies dog
pietruszka parsley
pietyzm Pietism
pijak drunkard
pijany drunk
pijawka leech
piksel pixel
pilnie busily
pilny diligent
pilny urgent
piment pimento
pinta pint
pionier pioneer
pionowy vertical
piorun lightning
piosenkarz singer
piosenka song
piractwo piracy
piramida pyramid
piramidologia Pyramidology
piroklastyczny pyroclastic
pirotechnika pyrotechnics
piruet pirouette
pisklę chicken
pisklę nestling
pisownia spelling
pistolet gun
pistolet pistol
piwnica basement
piwnica cellar
piwo beer
pizza pizza
pióro pen
pięciobok pentagon
pięciobój pentathlon
pięciokąt pentagon
pięknie beautifully
piękność beauty
piękny beautiful
pięta heel
piętro floor
pięść fist
piła saw
piłka ball
piłka handsaw
piżmo musk
plaga plague
plagiator plagiarist
plagiat plagiarism
plakat poster
plama stain
planeta planet
plantacja plantation
plan plan
plastik plastic
plastron ascot
plaża beach
plaże beaches
plebiscyt plebiscite
plecak haversack
plecak rucksack
plemienny tribal
plisa pleat
plisowany pleated
plon yield
plotka gossip
plutokracja plutocracy
pluton platoon
pobieranie download
pobliski nearby
pobocze roadside
poborowy conscript
pobożność piety
pobożny devout
pobożny pious
pobyt stay
pobór conscription
pobłażliwość leniency
pobłażliwy indulgent
pobłażliwy lenient
pocałunek kiss
pochmurny cloudy
pochodzenie origin
pochowany buried
pochwa vagina
pociecha consolation
pocieszenie consolation
pociąg train
poczta mail
pocztówki postcards
poczucie feeling
poczwarka chrysalis
poczwarka nymph
początek inception
początek start
początkowo initially
początkowo originally
początkowy initial
podarunek gift
podarunek present
podatek tax
podatność susceptibility
podbicie instep
podbrzusze abdomen
podbródek chin
podburzanie incitement
podburzanie sedition
podbój conquest
poddasze garret
podejrzany suspicious
podejrzany suspect
podejrzenie suspicion
podekscytowanie excitement
podest platform
podest podium
podium platform
podkowa horseshoe
podniebienie palate
podniosły exalted
podniośly exalted
podniośly solemn
podniszczony shabby
podobnie likewise
podobny similar
podpalacz arsonist
podpalenie arson
podpis signature
podporządkowanie subjugation
podróżnik voyager
podróż journey
podróż travel
podróż voyage
podręcznik textbook
podstawa base
podstawowy basic
podstawowy elementary
podstawowy fundamental
podstawowy primary
podstawowy principal
podstęp stealth
podstęp trickery
podsumowanie recapitulation
podsumowanie summary
podtopienie flooding
podtytuł subtitle
poduszczenie instigation
poduszka cushion
poduszka pillow
poduszkowiec hovercraft
podwójny double
podzespół component
podzespół subassembly
podział sharing
podziemny underground
podziw admiration
podłoga floor
podżeganie abetment
podżeganie incitement
poetycznie poetically
poetyczny poetic
poetyczny poetical
poganka heathen
poganka pagan
pogarda contempt
pogarda disdain
pogardliwy contemptuous
pogardliwy scornful
pogląd belief
pogoda weather
pogodny cheerful
pogranicze borderland
pogrom defeat
pogrom pogrom
pogrom rout
pogrzebany buried
pogrzeb burial
pogrzeb funeral
pogwałcenie violation
pogłoska gossip
pogłoska hearsay
pojazd vehicle
pojednanie conciliation
pojednanie reconciliation
pojednawca conciliator
pojednawczy conciliatory
pojedynek duel
pojemnik container
pojemność capacity
pojemny capacious
pojęcie concept
pojęcie notion
pokarm food
pokaz display
poklask applause
pokojowa chambermaid
pokojówka chambermaid
pokrywa cover
pokrywa lid
pokrótce briefly
pokusa temptation
pokuta atonement
pokuta penance
pokój peace
pokład deck
polecenie instruction
polecenie testimonial
polenta polenta
polepszenie improvement
pole field
policjantka policewoman
policja police
poliester polyester
poliestrowy polyester
poligamia polygamy
poligamista polygamist
poliglota polyglot
Polinezja Polynesia
polinezyjski Polynesian
politeizm polytheism
polityczny political
polityka politics
polityk politician
polonez polonaise
polowanie hunting
Polska Poland
polski Polish
pomarszczony shrivelled
pomarszczony wrinkled
pomału gradually
pomału slowly
pomiar measurement
pomidory tomatoes
pomidor tomato
pomieszczenie room
pomnik monument
pomocniczy auxiliary
pomocnie helpfully
pomocny helpful
pomoc assistance
pomoc help
Pomorze Pomerania
pompatycznie pompously
pompatyczność pomposity
pompatyczny pompous
pompa pump
pomsta revenge
pomsta vengeance
pomysłowo cleverly
pomysłowo ingeniously
pomysłowość ingenuity
pomysłowy ingenious
pomysł concept
pomysł idea
pomyłka mistake
pomyślny successful
ponadto furthermore
ponadto moreover
poniedziałek Monday
ponieważ because
poniżenie indignity
pontyfikat pontificate
ponury gloomy
popelinowy poplin
popielniczka ashtray
popielniczki ashtrays
popiół ash
poporodowy postnatal
popołudnie afternoon
poprawa enhancement
poprawa improvement
poprawiający corrective
poprawianie correction
poprawianie rectification
poprawienie improvement
poprawka alteration
poprawkowy remedial
poprawny correct
poprzeczny transverse
poprzedni former
poprzednio formerly
poprzedni previous
popularność popularity
popyt demand
poranny morning
porost lichen
porowaty porous
porozumienie agreement
portfel purse
portfel wallet
portret portrait
Portugalczyk Portuguese
Portugalia Portugal
portugalski Portuguese
port port
porwanie hijacking
porywczo impetuously
porywczy impetuous
porzeczka currant
por leek
poręcz handrail
posag dowry
Posejdon Poseidon
poselstwo deputation
poseł deputy
posiłek meal
posiłki reinforcements
postawa stance
postrzeganie perception
postęp progress
poszerzenie dilation
poszkodowany casualty
poszkodowany victim
poszukiwany wanted
posąg statue
posążek figurine
posążek statuette
posługacz attendant
posłuszny obedient
potajemnie secretly
potajemny covert
potamologia potamology
potem afterwards
potencjalny potential
potencjalny prospective
potencjał potential
potentat potentate
potoczny colloquial
potoczny informal
potok stream
potomek descendant
potomek offspring
potomstwo offspring
potrawka fricassee
potrawka stew
potrzask pitfall
potrzeba need
potrzebny necessary
potrzeby needs
potrójny triple
potwierdzenie confirmation
potwierdzenie corroboration
potwornie monstrously
potworny horrible
potyczka scuffle
potyczka skirmish
pot perspiration
pot sweat
potęga power
potęga strength
potępienie censure
potężny huge
potężny mighty
potężny potent
poufny confidential
pourodzeniowy postnatal
poważny serious
powiatowy district
powieka eyelid
powierzchnia acreage
powierzchnia area
powierzchnia surface
powierzchowny superficial
powietrze air
powietrzny aerial
powieść novel
powinowactwo kinship
powiększanie magnification
powodzenie success
powoli slowly
powolny slow
powołanie vocation
powstaniec insurgent
powstanie insurgency
powstanie origin
powstanie rebellion
powszechnie commonly
powtórzenie repetition
powódź flood
powłoczka pillowcase
powściągliwy aloof
pozaziemski extraterrestrial
pozew complaint
poziomy horizontal
poznanie cognition
poznawczy cognitive
pozorny virtual
pozostały residual
pozwolenie approval
pozycja position
pozytywny affirmative
południe noon
południe south
południowy southern
połówka half
połączenie amalgamation
połączenie connection
połączenie merger
połącznik switch
pościg chase
pościg pursuit
pośladek buttock
pośmiertnie posthumously
pośmiertny posthumous
pośpiech hurry
pośpiech rush
pośrednictwo mediation
pośredni indirect
pośrednik intermediary
pośrednio indirectly
poświęcenie consecration
pożegnanie farewell
pożyczka loan
praca job
praca work
pracodawca employer
pracowicie busily
pracowitość industriousness
pracowity hardworking
praczka laundress
pragmatyczny pragmatic
pragmatyk pragmatist
pragmatyzm pragmatism
pragnienie thirst
praktycznie virtually
praktyczny practical
prawda truth
prawdopodobnie probably
prawdopodobny likely
prawdopodobny probable
prawdziwek boletus
prawdziwy authentic
prawdziwy genuine
prawdziwy real
prawdziwy true
prawidłowy correct
prawie almost
prawie nearly
prawosławie orthodoxy
prawowity lawful
prawowity legal
prawowity legitimate
prawoznawstwo jurisprudence
prawy right
preambuła preamble
precyzyjny accurate
precyzyjny exact
predestynacja predestination
preferencja preference
preferencyjny preferential
prehistoria prehistory
prehistoryczny prehistoric
prekluzja preclusion
premedytacja premeditation
premiera premiere
premierostwo premiership
prenatalny prenatal
prestiżowy prestigious
prestiż prestige
pretendent challenger
pretensja pretension
prezbiterianizm Presbyterianism
prezentacja display
prezentacja presentation
prezenter compere
prezenter presenter
prezent gift
prezent present
prezerwatywa condom
prezes chairman
prezydencja presidency
prezydencki presidential
prezydent president
problemy issues
problem problem
procedura procedure
procesor processor
proces trial
producent producer
produkcja production
produktywność productivity
profanacja desecration
profesjonalista professional
profesjonalizm professionalism
profesjonalny professional
profesura professorship
prognoza forecast
prognoza prognosis
prognozowanie prognostication
progresywnie progressively
projekcja projection
projektor projector
proklamacja proclamation
prokreacja procreation
proletariacki proletarian
proletariusz proletarian
prolog prologue
prom ferry
proporcja proportion
proporcja ratio
proroczy prophetic
prorokini prophetess
prorok prophet
prostokątny oblong
prostokątny rectangular
prostokąt oblong
prostokąt rectangle
prostopadle perpendicularly
prostopadły perpendicular
prostota simplicity
prostownik rectifier
prosty simple
prosty straight
protest protest
protokół protocol
proton proton
prowokacja provocation
prowokacyjny provocative
prozaiczny prosaic
proza prose
prośba petition
prośba request
pryma prime
pryma unison
prymula primrose
prysznic shower
prywatność privacy
prywatny private
pryzmat prism
przebaczenie forgiveness
przebiegły crafty
przeciekający leaky
przeciek leak
przecinek comma
przeciwbólowy analgesic
przeciwkrzepliwy anticoagulant
przeciwnie conversely
przeciwnik opponent
przeciwnik ersary
przeciwprostokątna hypotenuse
przeciwwskazanie contraindication
przeciwzakrzepowy anticoagulant
przeciętny average
przeczenie negation
przeczucie hunch
przedimek article
przedpiersie parapet
przedpokój antechamber
przedpokój hallway
przedpłataance payment
przedramię forearm
przedrostek prefix
przedsiębiorca entrepreneur
przedsmak foretaste
przedstawiciel representative
przedstawienie show
przedszkole kindergarten
przedszkolny preschool
przedtem before
przedtem previously
przedwcześnie prematurely
przedwojenny prewar
przedłużenie prolongation
przegląd inspection
przegrzebek scallop
przejrzysty transparent
przejście aisle
przejście passageway
przejściowy transitory
przekonanie confidence
przekonujący convincing
przekrzywiony skewed
przekąska snack
przekątna diagonal
przekątny diagonal
przelotny ephemeral
przelot flight
przemienność commutativity
przemieszczenie dislocation
przemoczony soggy
przemoc force
przemoc violence
przemysłowy industrial
przemysł industry
przemówienie speech
przenośnia metaphor
przenośnie figuratively
przenośnie metaphorically
przenośny portable
przeoczenie omission
przeorat priory
przeorysza prioress
przepaść abyss
przepaść chasm
przepaść precipice
przepis prescription
przepis recipe
przepiękny gorgeous
przepowiednia prediction
przepraszający apologetic
przeprowadzka move
przepust culvert
przerażający appalling
przerażenie fright
przerażony afraid
przerażony terrified
przerwa intermission
przerwa interruption
przerwa pause
przerwa respite
przeróbka alteration
przesada exaggeration
przesadny exaggerated
przesilenie solstice
przesiąknięty soaked
przesmyk isthmus
przestarzały dated
przestraszony afraid
przestronny spacious
przestrzenny spatial
przestój downtime
przestępca offender
przestępstwo crime
przeszkoda hindrance
przeszkoda obstacle
przeszłość past
przesądny superstitious
przesąd superstition
przesłanka premise
przetrwanie survival
przetwarzalny recyclable
przetwarzanie processing
przewaga ascendancy
przeważający ascendant
przeważający ascendent
przeważnie usually
przewidywalny predictable
przewidywanie anticipation
przewidywanie expectation
przewidywanie prediction
przewidywany expected
przewodniczenie chairmanship
przewodnik conductor
przewrotny perverse
przewód wire
przeziębienie chill
przeziębienie cold
przeznaczenie predestination
przełom breakthrough
przełącznik switch
przełęcz pass
przodek ancestor
przybliżenie approximation
przybliżony approximate
przychodnia clinic
przychodnia dispensary
przyczepność traction
przyczyna cause
przydawka attribute
przydrożny roadside
przygnębiający depressing
przygnębiony miserable
przygotowanie preparation
przyimek preposition
przyjazd arrival
przyjazny amiable
przyjemność enjoyment
przyjemność pleasure
przyjemny congenial
przyjemny enjoyable
przyjemny pleasant
przyjęcie party
przykrywka lid
przykład example
przykład instance
przykład sample
przylądek cape
przymierze alliance
przymierze covenant
przymiotnik adjective
przymus coercion
przynęta bait
przynęta decoy
przynęta lure
przypadek case
przypadkowo accidentally
przypadkowo haphazardly
przypadkowy random
przypisanie assignment
przypomnienie reminder
przyporządkowanie assignment
przypowieść parable
przyprawa spice
przyprawy spices
przypuszczalnie presumably
przypuszczenie assumption
przypuszczenie conjecture
przyroda nature
przyrostek suffix
przyrost increase
przyrzeczenie promise
przyrząd apparatus
przysięga vow
przyszłość future
przyszły future
przyszły prospective
przytomnie consciously
przytomność awareness
przytułek asylum
przytułek refuge
przywłaszczenie theft
przywłaszczenie usurpation
przyzwoitość decency
przyłączenie connection
próba test
próbka sample
próg doorstep
próg threshold
próżniactwo idleness
próżnia vacuum
próżność vanity
próżny empty
prąd current
prędki fast
prędki rapid
prędko fast
prędko quickly
prędko rapidly
prędkość speed
prędkość velocity
prędzej faster
psalm psalm
pseudoefedryna pseudoephedrine
pseudonim pseudonym
psikus prank
psychiatria psychiatry
psychiatryczny psychiatric
psychicznie mentally
psychologia psychology
psychologiczny psychological
psychologizm psychologism
psychometria psychometrics
psychoza psychosis
psy dogs
pszczelarstwo beekeeping
pszczeli bee
pszczoła bee
pszenica wheat
ptak bird
ptaszek birdie
publicznie publicly
publiczność audience
publiczność public
publiczny public
publikacja publication
pudel poodle
puder powder
pukawka popgun
pulpit desktop
puma puma
pumeks pumice
punktualnie promptly
punktualnie punctually
punktualność punctuality
punktualny punctual
punkt point
punkt spot
pupa bottom
purchawka puffball
purytanizm Puritanism
pustelniczy reclusive
pustelnik hermit
pustka emptiness
pustynia desert
puzon trombone
pułapka snare
pułapka trap
pułk regiment
pycha conceit
pycha pride
pycha vanity
pysk snout
pyszny delicious
pytający interrogative
pytanie question
półbajt nibble
półka shelf
półmisek platter
północ midnight
półnuta minim
półton semitone
półwysep peninsula
później afterwards
później later
późniejszy later
późno late
pęcherzyk bubble
pędzel brush
pęd momentum
pęknięcie rupture
pęknięcie split
pętla noose
płaca wage
płacek flan
płacek tart
płaski flat
płaskowyż plateau
płaskowzgórze mesa
płaskowzgórze tableland
płaszczka ray
płaszcz cloak
płaszcz coat
płaszcz overcoat
płatek petal
płatność payment
pława buoy
płaz amphibian
płeć gender
płotek hurdle
płot fence
płynnie fluently
płyn liquid
pływ tide
płótno canvas