wabik lure
wada defect
wada diantage
wada downside
wada drawback
wada flaw
wadliwy faulty
wafel wafer
wagarowanie truancy
wagina vagina
wahadło pendulum
wahanie hesitation
wakacje vacation
walczący militant
walc waltz
waleczny brave
Walia Wales
Walijka Welshwoman
walijski Welsh
walizka suitcase
walka battle
walka combat
walka struggle
waluta currency
wampir vampire
wandalizm vandalism
wanilia vanilla
wanna bath
wanna bathtub
warga lip
wargi lips
wariacja variation
warkocz plait
Warmia Ermeland
Warszawa Warsaw
warszawski Warsaw
warsztat workshop
wartość value
warunek requirement
warunek stipulation
warunki conditions
warunkowy conditional
Waszyngton Washington
wałach gelding
ważka dragonfly
ważki important
ważność importance
ważność relevance
ważność significance
ważność validity
ważny important
ważny significant
ważny valid
wciąż still
wczesny early
wcześnie early
wcześniej earlier
wczoraj yesterday
wdowa widow
wdowiec widower
wdzięcznie gratefully
wdzięczność gratitude
wdzięczność thankfulness
wdzięczny grateful
wdzięczny thankful
wejście foyer
wektor vector
wellness wellness
welon veil
welwet velveteen
wendeta vendetta
Wenecja Venice
Wenezuela Venezuela
Wenezuelczyk Venezuelan
wenezuelski Venezuelan
wentylacja ventilation
Wenus Venus
werdykt verdict
Wersal Versailles
weryfikacja verification
wesele wedding
wesoło cheerfully
wesoły cheerful
westchnienie sigh
westchnięcie sigh
wesz louse
wewnątrz inside
wezwanie summons
wełna wool
Wełtawa Vltava
wgląd insight
wiadomość message
wiadro bucket
wiadro pail
wiara belief
wiarogodnie credibly
wiarogodny credible
wiarygodność credibility
wiarygodny credible
wiatrakowiec autogyro
wiatrakowiec gyroplane
wiatrak windmill
wiatromierz anemometer
wiatr wind
widocznie apparently
widoczny apparent
widoczny visible
widok vista
widowisko spectacle
widzialność visibility
widły pitchfork
wiecznie eternally
wieczność eternity
wieczny eternal
wieczny everlasting
wieczorowy evening
wieczór evening
wiejski rural
wiek age
wielbłąd camel
wiele many
Wielkanoc Easter
wielki large
wielkość magnitude
wielkość size
wielobarwny polychromatic
wielojęzyczny multilingual
wielokrotnie repeatedly
wielokulturowość multiculturalism
wielokulturowy multicultural
wielokąt polygon
wieloryb whale
wielosłowie verbiage
wielosłowność verbosity
wieloznaczny ambiguous
wielościan polyhedron
wielość multitude
wieniec wreath
wieprzowina pork
wieprz hog
wiernie faithfully
wierność fidelity
wiersz poem
wierzący believer
Wietnamczyk Vietnamese
wietnamski Vietnamese
Wietnam Vietnam
wietrzny windy
wiewiórka squirrel
wieśniak villager
wieść news
wieża tower
wiklinowy wicker
wilgotność moisture
wilgotny damp
wilgotny moist
wilgotny watery
wilgoć moisture
wilkołak werewolf
wilk wolf
wina fault
wina guilt
windsurfing windsurfing
windykacja vindication
winnica vineyard
winny guilty
winogrono grape
winowajca culprit
wino wine
wiodący leading
wiolonczela cello
wiosenny spring
wiosna springtime
wiosło oar
Wirginia Virginia
wirnik rotor
wirusologia virology
wirusolog virologist
wirus virus
wir vortex
wisiorek pendant
wisteria wisteria
witalizm vitalism
witamina vitamin
wiwern wyvern
wiza visa
wizerunek image
wizyta visit
wiąz elm
więcej more
więc so
więc therefore
większość majority
więzienie jail
więzienie prison
wiśnia cherry
wiśniowy cherry
wkrótce presently
wkład contribution
wnet shortly
wnet soon
wniosek application
wniosek inference
wnuczka granddaughter
wnuki grandchildren
woalka veil
woda water
wodnisty watery
wodny aquatic
wodogłowie hydrocephalus
wodolot hydrofoil
wodopój waterhole
wodorost seaweed
wodospad waterfall
wodoszczelny waterproof
wodoszczelny watertight
wojna war
wojsko military
wolno slowly
wolny free
wolny slow
wolontariusz volunteer
wombat wombat
Wormacja Worms
wosk wax
Wołga Volga
Wołoszczyzna Walachia
wołowina beef
wołowy bovine
wprowadzenie introduction
wpół half
wpływowy influential
wpływ influence
wpływ revenue
wrak wreck
wrażenie impression
wrażliwy sensitive
wreszcie eventually
Wrocław Wroclaw
wrogi hostile
wrogość animosity
wrogość enmity
wrogość hostility
wrona crow
wrzos heather
wrzód ulcer
wróbel sparrow
wróżbita soothsayer
wróżka fairy
wschodni eastern
wschodni oriental
wschód east
wskazanie indication
wspaniałomyślność generosity
wspaniałomyślność magnanimity
wspaniały fabulous
wspaniały gorgeous
wspaniały great
wspaniały magnificent
wspaniały superb
wspaniały terrific
wspaniały wonderful
wsparcie assistance
wspomnienie remembrance
wspólnie collectively
wspólnie mutually
wspólnota community
współczesny contemporary
współczesny modern
współczucie pity
współczucie sympathy
współczujący sympathetic
współdziałanie cooperation
współlokator roommate
współosiowy coaxial
współpraca collaboration
współzawodnictwo rivalry
wstrzemięźliwość abstinence
wstrząs shock
wstrętny abominable
wstręt abomination
wstręt disgust
wstydliwy coy
wstyd disgrace
wstyd embarrassment
wstążka ribbon
wszechmocny omnipotent
wszechmoc omnipotence
wszechstronny versatile
wszechwiedza omniscience
wszechwiedzący omniscient
wszechświat Universe
wszystkożerny omnivorous
wszędzie everywhere
wtargnięcie intrusion
wtedy then
wtorek Tuesday
wtyczka plug
wudu voodoo
wulgarność vulgarity
wulgarny vulgar
wulkaniczny volcanic
wulkanologia vulcanology
wulkan volcano
wwóz import
wybawienie redemption
wyboisty bumpy
wyborca voter
wybredny fastidious
wybrzeże coast
wybrzeże shore
wybór choice
wybór selection
wychudzenie emaciation
wychudzony scrawny
wycieczka excursion
wycieczka trip
wyciąg extract
wyczerpanie exhaustion
wyczerpujący exhaustive
wyczyn achievement
wydajność efficiency
wydajny efficient
wydanie edition
wydarzenie incident
wydatek expense
wydatki expenditure
wydra otter
wydłużenie elongation
wygląd appearance
wygląd looks
wygnanie banishment
wygnanie exile
wygnanie expatriation
wygoda comfort
wygoda convenience
wygodnie comfortably
wygodny comfortable
wygrana victory
wyjaśniający explanatory
wyjaśnienie explanation
wyjątek exception
wyjątkowy exceptional
wyjątkowy unusual
wykałaczka toothpick
wykonalność feasibility
wykonalny feasible
wykopywanie excavation
wykres diagram
wykrywalny detectable
wykształcenie education
wylesienie deforestation
wyliczenie calculation
wyluzowany lighthearted
wymagający demanding
wymagający fastidious
wymaganie requirement
wymiana exchange
wymiar dimension
wymiotny emetic
wymowa pronunciation
wymuszenie extortion
wymysł fantasy
wymysł fiction
wymówka alibi
wymówka excuse
wynagrodzenie remuneration
wynagrodzenie salary
wynalazca inventor
wynalazczy creative
wynalazczy inventive
wynalazczyni inventor
wynalazek invention
wynik result
wyniszczenie attrition
wynędzniały haggard
wyobraźnia imagination
wyobrażenie notion
wypadek accident
wypoczynek recreation
wypoczynek repose
wypolerowany burnished
wypolerowany polished
wyposażenie equipment
wypowiedź statement
wyprawa excursion
wypukłość protuberance
wypędzony expellee
wypłacalny solvent
wypłata payment
wypłata payout
wypływający effluent
wyrachowany mercenary
wyraźnie obviously
wyraźny obvious
wyrok judgement
wyrok judgment
wyrok sentence
wyrok verdict
wyrozumiałość leniency
wyrzeczenie renunciation
wyróżnienie distinction
wysiłek exertion
wysoce highly
wysoki high
wysokościomierz altimeter
wysokość altitude
wyspa island
wystarczająco enough
wystarczająco sufficiently
wystarczający enough
wystarczający sufficient
wystawa display
wystawa exhibition
wystawca exhibitor
wystraszony afraid
wysypka rash
wyszczególnienie inventory
wyszczególnienie specification
wyszywanka embroidery
wytarty shabby
wytrawny consummate
wytrwałość endurance
wytrwałość perseverance
wytrwałość persistence
wytrzymałość endurance
wytrzymały durable
wytyczna guideline
wytyczne guidelines
wytłumaczalny explicable
wywóz export
wywłaszczenie expropriation
wyznaniowy denominational
wyznaniowy sectarian
wyzwanie challenge
wyzwanie defiance
wyzwolenie liberation
wyzywająco defiantly
wyłącznie exclusively
wyłącznik switch
wyśmienicie excellently
wyśmienity delightful
wyżej higher
wyżymaczka wringer
wzajemnie mutually
wzajemny mutual
wzajemny reciprocal
względnie comparatively
wzgórek hummock
wzgórze butte
wzgórze hill
wzięty successful
wzmocnienie amplification
wzmocniony fortified
wzniosły sublime
wzorcowanie calibration
wzrost increase
wzrost rise
wzór pattern
wzór stencil
wódka vodka
wódz leader
wół ox
wąglik anthrax
wąski narrow
wąsko narrowly
wąsko tightly
wąsonóg barnacle
wątpliwość doubt
wątłość frailty
wąwóz gorge
wąwóz ravine
wąż snake
wędkarstwo fishing
wędkowanie angling
wędrownik rover
wędrownik wayfarer
wędrówka ramble
węgiel coal
węgierski Hungarian
węglowodan carbohydrate
węglowodór hydrocarbon
węgorz eel
węzeł knot
władza authority
włamanie burglary
włamywacz burglar
własność possession
własny own
właściciel owner
właściwie actually
właściwy appropriate
właściwy proper
właściwy right
właśnie exactly
właśnie precisely
włoski Italian
włos hair
włócznik swordfish
włącznik switch
wściekle fiercely
wściekle violently
wścieklizna hydrophobia
wścieklizna rabies
zaangażowanie commitment
zabawa fun
zabawka toy
zabawny amusing
zabawny entertaining
zabawny funny
zabobonny superstitious
zabobon superstition
Zabrze Zabrze
zachmurzony cloudy
zachodni occidental
zachodni westerly
zachodni western
Zachód Occident
zachód west
zachęta incentive
zachłanny acquisitive
zacieniony shaded
zacisze refuge
zacisze shelter
zadanie assignment
zadanie task
zadowalająco satisfactorily
zadowalający satisfactory
zadowolony contented
zadowolony glad
zaduma pensiveness
zaduma reverie
zadymiony smoky
zadymka blizzard
zadyszany breathless
zadziwiająco astonishingly
zadziwiający amazing
zadziwiający astonishing
zagadka mystery
zagardlenie strangulation
zagraniczny foreign
zagrożenie endangerment
zagrożenie peril
zagłodzenie starvation
zagłębienie recess
zaimek pronoun
zajączek leveret
zając hare
zajęcie occupation
zajęty busy
zajęty preoccupied
zakazany banned
zakaz prohibition
zakaźny infectious
zaklęcie incantation
zakonnica nun
zakonny monastic
zakres scope
zakrystia sacristy
zakrystia vestry
zakrzepica thrombosis
zakręt bend
zakup purchase
zakładka bookmark
zakładniczka hostage
zakładnik hostage
zakłamanie untruthfulness
zakłopotanie embarrassment
zalanie inundation
zaledwie barely
zaledwie merely
zaległy overdue
zalesienie afforestation
zaleta asset
zaleta virtue
zależny dependent
zaliczkaance payment
zamachowiec assassin
zamach assassination
zamglony misty
zamiar aim
zamiar intention
zamiar purpose
zamierzenie intention
zamierzenie purpose
zamierzony intentional
zamieszanie confusion
zamieć blizzard
zamożny affluent
zamożny prosperous
zamsz suede
zamyślony pensive
zamówienie order
zamęt commotion
zanieczyszczenie contamination
zanieczyszczenie pollution
zaniedbanie neglect
zaniedbanie omission
zaniedbywalny negligible
zaniepokojony anxious
zaniepokojony concerned
zaniepokojony worried
zanik atrophy
zanim before
zaopatrzenie procurement
zapach fragrance
zapach smell
zapalenie ignition
zapalenie inflammation
zapalniczka lighter
zapamiętywanie retention
zaparowany steamy
zapasowy spare
zapasy wrestling
zapasy inventory
zapas stockpile
zapas supply
zapałki matches
zapał zeal
zapewnienie pledge
zapiekanka casserole
zapominalski forgetful
zapowiedź announcement
zaproszenie invitation
zaprzyjaźniony amicable
zapytanie query
zapłata payment
zapłon ignition
zarażony infected
zardzewiały rusty
zarodek embryo
zarodkowy germinal
zarodnik spore
zarozumiały conceited
zarośła brushwood
zarys outline
zarzut allegation
zarówno both
zasada principle
zasadniczy crucial
zasadowy alkaline
zaskakująco surprisingly
zaskakujący surprising
zaskoczenie surprise
zaskórnik blackhead
zasolony saline
zastraszanie bullying
zastraszenie intimidation
zastraszony fearful
zastrzyk injection
zastój recession
zastępstwo proxy
zastępstwo surrogate
zaszczyt privilege
zaszokowany aghast
zaszokowany shocked
zasób resource
zasłona curtain
zatem therefore
zatem thus
zatoka bay
zatrucie poisoning
zatrudnienie employment
zatrważający alarming
zatrważający appalling
zatrzymywanie retention
zatwardzenie constipation
zatwierdzenie approval
zatyczka stopper
zatłoczony crowded
zaufanie trust
zawartość content
zawias hinge
zawiesisty viscous
zawilec anemone
zawistny envious
zawistny jealous
zawiłość intricacy
zawiły intricate
zawiść envy
zawsze always
zawód job
zawór valve
zazdrosny envious
zazdrosny jealous
zazdrość envy
zazdrość jealousy
zaznaczenie mark
zazwyczaj normally
zazwyczaj usually
zaćmienie eclipse
założenie assumption
zaśnieżony snowbound
zaś whereas
zażarcie furiously
zażarcie zealously
zażenowanie embarrassment
zażenowany embarrassed
zbankrutowany bankrupt
Zbaweciel Redeemer
zbawienie redemption
zbawienie salvation
zbezczeszczenie desecration
zbieżny coincident
zbiornik container
zbir mugger
zbiór collection
zbiór set
zboczeniec pervert
zboczenie perversion
zbocze hillside
zbocze mountainside
zboże grain
zbrodnia crime
zbrodnia felony
zbuntowany insurgent
zburzenie demolition
zbytecznie needlessly
zbytecznie unnecessarily
zbyteczny expendable
zbyt too
zbywalny marketable
zbędny expendable
zbędny unnecessary
zdanie sentence
zdecydowanie decisively
zdecydowanie definitely
zdecydowany decisive
zdecydowany determined
zdegustowany disgusted
zdeklarowany avowed
zdenerwowanie annoyance
zdenerwowany upset
zderzak bumper
zderzenie collision
zdewastowany devastated
zdezorganizowany disorganized
zdezorientowany bewildered
zdezorientowany confused
zdjęcie photo
zdobycz prey
zdolności abilities
zdolność ability
zdolność aptitude
zdolność capability
zdolny apt
zdolny capable
zdrada treachery
zdrajca traitor
zdrajczyni traitor
zdrapka scratchcard
zdrobnienie diminutive
zdrowie health
zdrowy healthy
zdumienie amazement
zdumiewająco astonishingly
zdumiewający astonishing
zdumiewający astounding
zdumiony astonished
zdziczały feral
zdziesiątkowanie decimation
zdziwiony astonished
zebranie assembly
zebra zebra
zegar clock
zemsta revenge
zemsta vengeance
zepsucie decadence
zerknięcie glimpse
zeszklenie vitrification
zezwolenie approval
zezwolenie permit
zezwolony allowable
zezwolony permissible
zgiełk noise
zgoda approval
zgodność compliance
zgodność consensus
zgodny compatible
zgryzota tribulation
zgłodniały ravenous
ziarno grain
zielony green
Ziemianin earthling
ziemia ground
ziemniaki potatoes
ziemniak potato
ziewanie yawn
zima winter
zimny cold
zimny frigid
zimowy winter
zimozielony evergreen
zioło herb
zirytowany exasperated
ziąb chill
zjawa apparition
zlewozmywak sink
zlew sink
zmartwiony upset
zmartwiony worried
zmiana alteration
zmienna variable
zmienny volatile
zmierzch dusk
zmierzch nightfall
zmierzch twilight
zmniejszenie decrease
zmniejszenie reduction
zmniejszony decreased
zmora nightmare
zmowa collusion
zmrok dusk
zmywarka dishwasher
zmęczenie tiredness
zmęczony tired
zmęczony weary
znaczenie signification
znacznik tag
znaczny considerable
znaczący significant
znajomość acquaintanceship
znakomity superb
znak sign
znany famous
zniechęcony disheartened
zniechęcony dispirited
zniekształcenie disfigurement
zniekształcenie distortion
zniekształcenie malformation
zniesławiający defamatory
zniesławienie defamation
zniewaga insult
zniszczenie annihilation
zniszczenie destruction
zniszczony shabby
zniżka discount
znowu again
znużenie tiredness
znów again
znękany harassed
zobowiązanie commitment
zobowiązanie obligation
zobowiązany obliged
zombi zombie
zoologia zoology
zoologiczny zoological
zrezygnowany resigned
zroszony dewy
zrozpaczony desperate
zrozumienie comprehension
zrzędliwy crabby
zrzędliwy grouchy
zręczny agile
zszywacz stapler
zszywka staple
zuchwały impudent
zupa soup
zupełnie completely
zużycie consumption
zwada altercation
zwarty dense
zwichnięcie sprain
zwierzęcy animal
zwierzę animal
zwinny agile
zwięzły brief
zwięzły concise
zwięzły terse
zwięźle concisely
zwięźle curtly
zwięźle tersely
zwodniczy deceptive
zwolniony exempt
zwrotka stanza
zwrotnik tropic
zwycięski successful
zwycięski victorious
zwycięstwo victory
zwycięzca conqueror
zwycięzca victor
zwycięzca winner
zwyczajny common
zwyczajowy habitual
zwykle generally
zwykle normally
zwykle typically
zwykle usually
zwykły customary
zwykły usual
zwłoka delay
zygota zygote
zyskownie profitably
zyskowny profitable
zysk gain
zysk profit
ząb tooth
złagodzenie alleviation
złamanie fracture
złodziej robber
złodziej thief
złoto gold
złoty golden
złowieszczy sinister
zło evil
złośliwość devilry
złośliwość malevolence
złośliwy malignant
złośliwy spiteful
złość anger
złość annoyance
złudny deceptive
zły bad
zły evil
źle badly
źle wrongly
źrebak colt
źrebię foal
źródłosłów etymology
źródło source
Żydówka Jewess
żaba frog
żabnica monkfish
żaden no
żagiel sail
żal regret
żal sorrow
żargon jargon
żarliwie vehemently
żartowanie kidding
żartowniś jester
żartowniś prankster
żarty jokes
żart joke
żarłok glutton
żałoba bereavement
żałoba grief
żałoba mourning
żałobny mournful
żałosny deplorable
żałosny miserable
żałość misery
żałujący regretful
żebro rib
żeglarstwo sailing
żeglarstwo yachting
żelatyna gelatine
żelatynowy gelatine
żelazko iron
żelazny iron
żelazostop ferroalloy
że that
żeton badge
żmija adder
żmija viper
żmudny toilsome
żona wife
żongler juggler
żonkil daffodil
żonkil jonquil
żołądek stomach
żołądź acorn
żrący corrosive
żucie mastication
żuk beetle
żuraw crane
żwir gravel
życie life
życzenie wish
życzliwie kindly
życzliwość benevolence
życzliwy benevolent
żyjący alive
żyrafa giraffe
żyrandol chandelier
żyrokompas gyrocompass
żyroskop gyroscope
żyto rye
żywica resin
żywiczny resinous
żywienie nutrition
żywność food
żywopłot hedge
żywotność vitality
żywotność vivacity
żywotny lively
żywotny vital
żywość vivacity
żywy alive
żyzność fertility
żyzny fertile
żyła vein
żółty yellow
żółw tortoise
żółw turtle
żółć bile
żądanie demand